Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the functionality in order to enable users being able to pick
image from either their gallery or camera.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we are going to need to go back to our vehicle and we can do this in the
auto controller file.
And what we can do, we can use control and B to make this wide.
Okay.
Now the first step is to create a function, but before then, we can have the commands and we can say.
Function.
To create Surrey function to pick.
Image from gallery or camera.
Okay?
And now we can create the function and we can simply call this function peak image.
Now what we can do is we can make this function reusable.
And the reason for this is we are not just going to be able to pick image from just the gallery, but
as well we are going to be able to pick image from the camera.
Okay.
And that's to make this function reasonable over here.
We're going to pass something known as source.
The source is simply referring to how we are going to pick the image.
That is, if we are picking this image from the gallery or if we are picking this image from the camera.
And this is a type of something known as image source, not image shape, but image source.
Okay, great.
And the next step is to create a label to store this package we had earlier in store.
That is the image picker package.
Okay.
So over here, we can create a final variable and we can just go ahead and specify.
This variable is a type of image picker.
And we can call this variable image picker and we can add another score to this.
And the reason for this underscore is we don't want to be able to refer to this image picker variable
outside this file.
Okay.
And now we can then say image.
Peacock.
Great.
And the next step is to use this variable called an image picker so you can see on the score image.
Picture Dot's peak image.
That spooky image I remember the source is basically referring to how are going to be able to pick this
image.
That is, if we are picking this image from the gallery or the camera.
This is the same thing as this surveyor.
I could have said Dot pick image and you can see.
And for the source, we can then say image source.
That's GALLOWAY Right.
But we are making this visible.
So whenever we call this function, we are going to need to pass the value to the source.
Okay.
Add your semi-colon over here and we can store the result.
That is the pict image in the variable.
We can store the result in a variable called PHI.
And this is a type of something known as SE or ox fei.
Okay.
That's going to take some time in order to open the gallery and in the to pick the image.
It's also going to take some time in order to open the camera and in order to pick the image or to snap
from the camera.
Right.
So we have to tell a floater that we are ready to wait for this.
So here we're going to use the weight that's easily out of here.
We have to use the async way and now we can say, wait.
Okay, great.
Now we're going to have this error.
So over here we can say it can be no, there isn't for this, nor is.
Imagine if the user should open the gallery and refuses to pick an image.
So it's going to be no right.
So we have to tell floater.
It can be not.
Okay.
And now we're going to do some check before we finally pick the image.
So over here we can create an E statement.
We can also make this variable private.
So we want to be able to assess this variable as satisfied so that let's make it private.
We can just use the underscore.
And we can say on the score, fi.
Is not equal to, nor if it is not equal to, nor that means the user of successfully picked an image.
Then it wants to return.
Something on us on the score of five that is Israel first and we can have access to the read ad with
us bites.
LS if the user opens the gallery and refuses to pick an image for the now we just want to print something
to ourselves which is just going to say no image selected.
Hopefully I can spare selected.
Okay, great.
This is basically all we need.
First of all, we created.
A function which we called peak image, and we passed in a dynamic variable called source.
Right.
And it is a type of image source.
And the reason for this is whenever we call this peak image, we are going to need to pass the value
to this for now.
It is just a variable, right?
So we're going to need to pass the value to it.
And the value is going to be if we are picking from the gallery or if we are picking from the camera.
Right.
And over here.
Whereby the source is basically referring to the gallery or camera.
Right.
And we are we restore the PICT image in a variable called file and we are basically checking if the
user actually picked the image that we want to return.
Read us bytes or else if the user.
Did not speak the image for the now we just want to print this to ourselves.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
So in this lecture, we are going to be able to call this function and then pass the value to series.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.